Q1. "Convolutional Neural Networks can perform various types of transformation (rotations or scaling) in an input”. Is the statement correct True or False?

A. True

B. False

Solution: (B)

Data Preprocessing steps (viz rotation, scaling) is necessary before you give the data to neural network because neural network cannot do it itself.

Q2. Which of the following gives non-linearity to a neural network?

A. Stochastic Gradient Descent

B. Rectified Linear Unit

C. Convolution function

D. None of the above

Solution: (B)

Rectified Linear unit is a non-linear activation function.

Q3. The number of neurons in the output layer should match the number of classes (Where the number of classes is greater than 2) in a supervised learning task. True or False?

A. True

B. False

Solution: (B)

It depends on output encoding. If it is one-hot encoding, then its true. But you can have two outputs for four classes, and take the binary values as four classes(00,01,10,11).

Q4. In a neural network, which of the following techniques is used to deal with overfitting?

A. Dropout

B. Regularization

C. Batch Normalization

D. All of these

Solution: (D)

All of the techniques can be used to deal with overfitting.

Q5. When pooling layer is added in a convolutional neural network, translation in-variance is preserved. True or False?

A. True

B. False

Solution: (A)

Translation invariance is induced when you use pooling.

Q6. For an image recognition problem (recognizing a cat in a photo), which architecture of neural network would be better suited to solve the problem?

A. Multi Layer Perceptron

B. Convolutional Neural Network

C. Recurrent Neural network

D. Perceptron

Solution: (B)

Convolutional Neural Network would be better suited for image related problems because of its inherent nature for taking into account changes in nearby locations of an image

Q7. Which of following activation function can’t be used at output layer to classify an image ?

A) sigmoid
B) Tanh
C) ReLU
D) If(x>5,1,0)
E) None of the above

Solution: C

ReLU gives continuous output in range 0 to infinity. But in output layer, we want a finite range of values. So option C is correct.

Q8. LSTM can help prevent vanishing gradient problem in RNN.

A) True
B) False

Solution: A

Option A is correct. This is because it has implicit memory to remember past behavior.

Q9. [True or False] Sentiment analysis using Deep Learning is a many-to one prediction task

A) TRUE
B) FALSE

Solution: A

Option A is correct. This is because from a sequence of words, you have to predict whether the sentiment was positive or negative.

Q10. Which loss function will you prefer for multi-modal prediction?

A) Mean square error.
B) Categorical cross-entropy.
C) Hinge loss.
D) None of the above.

Answer: (B) Multimodal learning may requires multi-class prediction at the output so categorical cross-entropy is the best choice for such cases.