Q1) Which of the following statements are true about stuff and thing objects ?
A) Stuff objects have charateristic shapes and size.
B) Thing objects have charateristic shapes and size.
C) Stuff objects are typically highly textured. 
D) Thing objects have identifiable parts, where as stuff objects do not.

Ans) A, C, D

Q2) How many stuff objects are present in the COCOstuff datasets?
A) 91
B) 87
C) 92
D) 100

Ans) A . len(data.cats) gives 92 but we have one class as others. Ignoring that leads to 91

Q3) Which of the following is True? 
A) Combining semantic segmenation and Instance segmentation model leads to panpotic segmentation
B) Panaoptic segmentation gives more information about an image compared to semantic segmentation and panoptic segmentation.
C) Using semantic segmentation, we can count the number of objects of a class. 
D) Instance segmentation is used to detect stuff ojects rather than thing objects 

Ans) A, B

Q4) Which of the following datasets contains semantic segmentation annotations?
A) COCOStuff
B) CityScapes 
C) ADE20K
D) All of the above.

Ans) D 

Q5) Which the following are true about performing agumentation? 
A) agumentation increases the generalization capability of the network.
B) we need to save all the agumented data locally before training the network 
C) Agumentation increases the training time.
D) ImageDataGenertor cannot be used for semantic segmentation.

Ans- (A, D)

Q6) which of the following are true about linknet? 
A) Uses elementwise addition between skip-connection and decoder output
B) Uses stacking between skip-connection and decoder output.
C) Can Use only upsamling layer in decoding layer.
D) Can use both upsampling or transpose layers in decoding layer.

Ans- (A, D)


Q7) which of the following is true about FPN network ? 
A) FPN modules are used in object detection and instance segmentation too.
B) Feature pyramid networks are faster and more accurate in detecting small objects than using Image pyramid. 
C) FPN can use any of the 25 backends mentioned in the segmentation-models repo
D) FPN is good at capturing localization features and semantic features. 

Ans) (A, B, C, D)

Q8) which of the following network has most number of trainable params? 
A) unet with resnet18 and decoder_block_type transpose
B) unet with resnet18 and decoder_block_type upsampling
C) linknet with resnet18 and decoder_block_type transpose
D) linknet with resnet18 and decoder_block_type upsampling

Ans) A.


Q9) Which of the follwoing is true for loss functions? 
A) It is better to use combined cross-entropy loss and jaccard loss to train segmentation models than using single loss function.
B) It is better to use cross entropy loss than jaccard loss or combined cross-entropy loss and jaccard loss for training segmentation models.
C) In multi-classification problem, jaccard loss is calculated first individually for each class and then averaged over all the classes. 
D) Jaccard loss is 1-iou_score.

Ans) B, C, D

Q10) which of the following is true ?
A) When heavy class imbalance is present in the dataset, it is better to use pixel accuracy.
B) In cancer cell identification, precision is more important than recall.
C) In cancer cell identification, recall is more important than precision.
D) It is not good to use pixel accuracy when there is heavy class imbalance.

Ans) C, D